Ise welcome.
In this lecture we are going to create the login screen for the seller.
Now over this order directory, we are going to create a new file and we are going to call this file
seller on the score, log in on the score screen and the section is the dots.
The seller's login screen is going to be similar to that of the customer login screen.
So what we can do, we can head up to the customer log in screen and use contra and eight to alight
and use contra and C to copy and over the London customer.
Sorry, over the seller's login screen.
We can use control and B to make the slide and use control and V to paste.
Okay.
And now we have to rename this.
And to easily do that, we can alight and use controller and the controller and the controller and D
to highlight all the stimuli names.
And I think that is all.
And now this is going to be seller.
Log in and screen.
Okay.
And over here we can create a root name.
You can basically just do this for all the screens.
And now let's make this variable globally accessible.
We are going to make it static.
Static and it is a constant and we are expecting the test.
So it is a type of string and we are going to call this variable root name and it's going to be equal
to.
Sellers.
Sorry.
Seller login and screen adjust semicolon.
And the next step is to tell the end of that file.
We just added this route.
So back to the main ..5.
And over here, trendy and London words.
Sorry, not London, but Sailor Logan.
Screen.
That rude name and it's going to take the contest.
In the view we can then say what?
They can then say London.
London.
Sorry.
I don't know why I'm saying London.
Seller Logan.
Screen.
Hopefully we get another prediction for this.
See the log in screen seems good.
I did try.
Cover is control save and.
Over here.
You can see we can basically.
Click on this to take us to the cave.
Currently we will not fish that to take us back to the customers accounts.
That is, if we do not want a customer's account, we can then click on this to take us back to where
the.
So if we do not need a seller's account, we can then click on this to take us back to the customers
section where we can then create a customer's account.
To do that, we have to head back to this screen.
Right.
Okay.
That is the London seller.
Screen and we need to scroll down and this is going to be create customer.
It can just get rid of that A and then say customer customer's account is constrained to save.
Okay.
You can see.
We can just.
I think.
Right.
Sorry.
This is the cellar.
Log in.
Is going to do this.
And London silver screen.
Then scroll down.
Then this is going to be customer.
Customer.
These conferences save.
Or do we have to restart?
Or to start this.
To start thing and we have to wait for this.
Okay.
Sorry for the delay and we'll check it out.
It's going to take us back to the customers screen because that is the initial screen.
And I don't want a customer's account, so I'm going to click on this to create a seller's account.
Okay.
You can see now create a.
Customers accounts, but I want the seller's account or I had already created an account.
Then I have to go to where the log in to log in the seller's account.
Right.
To do that over here.
First of all, we can just have the function to go back to the customers accounts in case the user does
not need the seller's account navigate to.
Hopefully I don't mess things up and hopefully understand what I'm trying to say.
Navigator.
Sorry, not the gator.
Dot words.
That we can just say.
Push, since we have not created any roots name for doubts and.
This is going to be material page.
Roots.
And it's going to take in contest.
So you can see basically there are varieties of ways to use navigation.
And now we're going to need to say return words, return customer.
So return what?
London.
London customer.
Or what we called that.
London.
Customer.
Screen.
Okay.
And we can just how to start this and definitely it's going to work as planned.
Then back to the seller's.
London silver screen.
So look over the log in section.
If you already have a seller account, then we want to be able to log in.
Right.
So we have to head up to where we have that already have an account and you can see this is the function
for it and we want to go to where get rid of this or we can just get rid of this function in general.
And we're going to use Navigator.
Though it's pushing them because we just created a name for that.
Right.
So this is going to be push name.
And we want to go to where the.
Sailor.
Log in.
Log in screen.
Okay.
So dot rude name like this.
And now what we can do over the cell along is screen.
We can then do some changes.
Like I told you, you are going to be easier that way in this section.
And the reason for this is so you understand varieties of ways in order to implement the same thing.
Like We can't get feed.
Of this, we basically need the password visible.
Right.
And.
Get rid.
Of it over here.
And get rid of this controller.
They call this.
Get rid of this.
And yeah, we can just get rid of this for now.
Like you can see where I'm copying from, right?
Where am I writing from?
So you don't make mistake by saying if it's a slow day, then all they want to show this, else I want
to show this test.
And for the lab, we can just get rid of this.
Okay.
And get rid of this is just one is necessary.
And we're going to need to change.
We have to change the test.
To sign into what to sell us.
Sellers.
Okay, all three, start this.
And that is basically all we need.
And we do not really need this right, because we basically do not want to assess any function within
the old controller class.
And hopefully you understand all of this.
Okay.
We're currently at the customer screen and I want to be a seller.
Right.
So I have to click on.
When you have an account, it's going to take us to where the.
Sign in into customers accounts.
Okay.
Or need an account.
It's going to take us back to the Create Customers accounts, but I don't want to be a customer.
Rather, I want to be a seller.
So I have to click on this create seller's accounts.
But I already have an account, so I'm going to click on what?
I already have an account.
Okay.
Sounds good.
And hopefully you understand all this, but if you don't, you can let me know.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.